Project Topic

Medical Information System To Enhance Resources for Emergency Departments - Mister Ed 

Emergency Departments (EDs) are often crowded and overloaded. The Mister Ed system will be designed to help with this situation. People who feel that they need to visit an ED will be able to use Mister Ed to understand the current load of EDs in their area. They will be able to register virtually and undergo a "virtual triage" to determine whether they really should visit the ER or potentially follow another course of action, like go to a regular primary care clinic (GP), take over the counter medication, or contact the nurse/clinician hotline over the phone or Internet. Patients who can safely be triaged virtually but still need to visit the ED can wait from the comfort of their home and will be notified to come in when it is time to see them. Patients who need to be triaged in person are asked to attend in person but can then return to their home until it is time to see them. 


Tasks
The following should be developed out as a Wiki page (or collection of pages) in your group's GitHub site. 




1. System Description
Describe the system in your own words (0.5-1 page)

The system aims to target the currently very long ED wait times by allowing patients to forsee their waiting time, register online, and have clinicians assess what the patients next steps should be. The patient can either wait from the comfort of their own home or be redirected to a general practitioner or a pharmacy. This kind of system would be practical in the medical field worldwide, especially ones with a higher demand for doctors. Additionally, there are many cases of people misusing Emergency Rooms for issues that do not require emergency care. This system will filter out false emergencies and reduce wait times in general. 

There are two main users of the system: the patients and the clinicians. Each one is required to create an account and each actor is granted different permissions within the system. The patient will only have access to wait times, ED queue registration, their own account and medical records, and to communication with medical staff. The medical staff will have access to all patient files, all wait times, patients’ submitted assessment questionnaires, and communication with all clinics and all patients. The medical staff will be able to suggest a course of action for the patient to take based on their assessment of their questionnaire and figure out whether waiting for emergency services is appropriate in the patient’s case.

Bullet Point: 
Interactive virtual software that enables patients to get the help they need faster than everyone waiting in the ED
Patients can view the stat
Patient logs in/registers 
Dynamic questionnaire that adapts to the patient's previous answers.
Recommends next steps:
Go to GP
Over the counter medication
Use hotline
Visit ED immediately
Visit ED when notified by system

2. Use Case View
Identify the actors using the application.  
Actors:
Patients
Medical Staff in EDs

Identify and model the use cases in a use case diagram. Document use cases textually using this guideline and template. (You should have at least as many use cases as you have group members. Otherwise, your system is likely too simple to get full marks.)

